Snow
You're a good partner.
But not for me.
Excuse me.
If only he had met that fateful woman...
Then boldly pursue it.
I bless you.
Anyway.
You can't chase either.
Dear, give me some money to buy some clothes.
It's your family's business.
I'll handle it.
Okay, thank you, brother.
Why did you agree so easily?
Master, are you short of money?
As far as I know.
Dreaming that your gold and antiques are worth billions of dollars
It's not easy to find a happy family.
Of course you have to enjoy.
Right, what is Xiao Qi s mission this time?
Joint ownership despite success and eye etched marriage
I don't want to be humiliated by my family.
Secret eye investigation and judge
He then discovered the real face of the judge.
And found his childhood classroom geography in his spare tire.
Man of this world.
At this time, of course, Tse Tu was early because for Shen Shu, the favor was not blackened.
He then fell and died.
So the original intention is to save the male owner Tse Tu Of course
Stop him from loving Shen Shuhara
Why do so many dogs lick in this world?
Come, go to the master of this world.
The host of Xie Xuyen will appear here today to celebrate Shen Shu Yeon's birthday.
He is the son of the richest man in the city.
He was abducted by traffickers as a child.
She was raised by an old woman who was 10 years old.
It was Shu Yeon who appeared to take him to the Tse family.
So the Tse family considers Shen Shu Yeon a very special benefactor.
I am 19 years old and still in college.
Shen Shu Yan has not yet begun to show her feminine charm to him.
Thanks, is it him?